Famous around the world...
please welcome...
The Fantastic Four!
Mr. Fantastic.
Invisible Woman.
Human Torch.
I love you, Johnny!
And The Thing.
Hey! What time is it?
Say the thing.
That's not really something I say.
It's clobbering time!
It's just in the cartoon.
Woohoo!
Never late for Sunday dinner.
Let's eat.
Hey, what time is it?
It's dinner time. Get inside.
I herald his beginning.
I herald your end.
I herald...
Galactus.
What is that?!
Get us out of here, Ben!
Hold on!
Are we safe?
I don't know.
The clock is ticking.
We are going to find a solution.
We are gonna make it right.
You don't wanna just... crush him?
I like that.
[Robot noises]
The four of us will face the danger.
We will protect you.
Family is about connecting
to something bigger than yourself.
We'll face it together.
As a family.
What time is it, Ben?
No.
What time is it, Ben?!
No, Johnny.
-Say it!
-I don't wanna!
Say it!